hello friends my name is Eric Beck and
welcome to backyard effects the cool new
show where I
hey why am i a puppet
I know no I'm supposed to be a if you
haven't noticed this week's episode is
all about puppets we're gonna build the
best Muppet style puppet we can on
whatever budget the wheel prosperity
gives us I'm gonna let Gary spin the
wheel because he is my oldest and
dearest puppet I love him as though he
sprang from my very own felt womb not
not that I have a womb of felt or any
other I uh let's spin the wheel now I'm
heading out of town to get some
important puppet supplies I'm here in
Fremont California
Bob's foam factory where I got all the
foam I need for my puppet and expert
advice I got this cubic foot of foam at
Bob's for less than $15 if you don't
have a foam specialty store in your area
you can get a pretty good sized chunk of
styrofoam at most craft stores either
way you're going to need this spray
adhesive it's great stuff but it's a
little expensive at $10 a can we'll
probably only use a quarter of it for
this project in order to start work on
our puppet head we're going to need a
specialized tool an electric turkey
Carver now I'm not going to include the
cost of this in our project because I
know there's someone you can borrow one
from just make sure and clean all the
foam off before you give it back to
Grandma soup a time lapse start hacking
away at that foam block once you've got
the basic shape you'll need to cut a
space for the mouth and in the neck for
your hand to go next using our spray
adhesive and some fleece from the fabric
door we're gonna make some puppet skin
lastly add some felt hair and bottle cap
eyes and you've got this stay tuned
after the break we'll finish our puppet
project and see what happens when Eric
goes over budget
the best place to get puppet closes at
your local thrift store I got all the
clothes for our new puppet for four
dollars that brings the total cost of
our do-it-yourself puppet to 2650 2650
yeah 18:26 50s over budget yeah but it's
like a dollar fifty you know the rules
if you have any questions about the bill
log on to Indy mogul calm for now enjoy
the test film
so Gary Eugene how was school uh it was
okay
coach mace run extra laps of practice
mm-hmm Eugene school is lame as usual
especially since you made me join math
club dad well hard work and structure is
good for young puppets puppets puppets
dad oh that's great you know we're not
all puppets and by the way my date
school is great thanks for asking okay
Eric sounds like you got something on
your mind
shut up dad don't try to act like you
give a crap all you care about is your
precious puppet sons well I'm sorry I'm
not a puppet and I never will be
now boys it's not Eric's fault he's such
a little backyard effects is serious
about connecting with its viewers and
the best way to do that is by going to
Indy mobile comm and uploading your
videos today we want clips of your
special-effects video comments in the
show or even ideas for future projects
every month we'll take the best videos
and feature them in their own podcast
you can use an old TV like this one as
an external monitor it's great for color
correcting and of course shooting with
puppets
hey my name is Daniel Rigdon and you're
about to see a clip from my first
high-definition short film prick which I
wrote directed filmed and edited myself
enjoy
you